welcome back to the 10th annual after
the Oscars special John Travolta is
coming and not only that what you see
behind me right now is something we've
been working on for quite some time
Cisco built us this huge unbelievable
video wall we call it the wall of
America and here it is for the first
time
these people you see on the wall are
looking in on us live from their homes
hello everybody how you doing look at
this we are New York we got Indiana we
got New York again we got let's talk the
candy in Chicago she's up in the top
right corner hello candy how are you and
where are you oh there you are
what's going on with your friend there I
know he's putting in the phosphors I
think favorite did you guys just have an
Oscar viewing party we did my girlfriend
has like an amazing screening room
downstairs we were watching it down
there I see you've got diplomas all over
the wall or those what's going on are
you are these your IT guys at home
believe it or not yes tell the guy we're
on - all right yes oh hello there
all right let's see what else we have in
the wall or how about this gentleman
down here in the tuxedo he's dressed
very fancy let's bring him up well hello
there
and what is your name sir what's wrong
you do look just like Kevin art hey
Kevin Kevin you're at the Governor's
Ball huh I'm at the Governor's Ball
right now man is so much mayhem going on
behind me as in speak so much mayhem I'm
over here taking shots of water oh look
who I found was anybody ready I don't
think he can hear me he can't hear you I
got the earpiece in I'm not giving Eddie
the earpiece so he has to figure out
whatever you're saying
Hey any others right no how much new
technology was it it was all new this is
a little horrible didn't blow up New Age
to Eddie right now he's still trying to
figure out how I'm talking to you Eddie
I can't I can't hear you and you can't
hear me but that's probably okay well
there goes Eddie he's gone alright what
let it go that's Kevin describe the
scene there at the Governor's Ball
everybody was there after the show right
hood you there something wrong I don't
know if you want me to scribing it I'm
looking at Oprah Oprah's over there
oh god you just thought Eddie I mean
goodness I mean the place listen I'll be
here all day if I just start naming the
people here here's the good news
I'm here leaving me a big favor and just
at some point at some point of the night
go by Oprah's table put a shot of
tequila down on the table and say this
is from mr. Kimmel not only will I not
do that I'm going to matter of fact what
I do is I'll have a way to do it and
I'll leave a note that said mr. Kimmel
said take this but I know you guys are
close you know what I will do it Jim
okay thank you Kevin thank you guys what
are you I'll do it if Oprah punches me
in the face
maybe we got a problem okay don't worry
Oprah will not punch you in the face
thank you very much Kevin
that's Kevin Hart
I'm gonna have you drink love you made
steak it will be two biggest sea now
that is that that's a very good wall
well if you want to be a part of the
wall of America go to Jimmy Kimmel Live
com
click the wall of America banner to be
right here in studio with us live
through the magic of the Internet just
like Kevin Hart was why do I have a
feeling we're gonna get nothing but
naked people hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel if you
like that subscribe to our YouTube
channel to get all our latest videos
before they die and go to YouTube heaven